[#69456] 17.0 Documents module changes  https://community.openproject… (#21507)
opf/openproject: docs/system-admin-guide/documents/README.md

- If a document type is unused, this has no significant consequences. 

  ![A warning message when deleting an unused document type in OpenProject](openproject_system_guide_documents_types_delete_message_type_unused.png)

- If a document type is used, you will need to select a different type for reassigning

  ![A warning message when deleting a used document type in OpenProject, asking to reassing documents to a different type](openproject_system_guide_documents_types_delete_message_type_used.png)

- If a document type is the last existing one, you will not be able to delete it. There must always be at least one document type configured. In this case you can create another document type first.

  ![A warning message that deleting the last existing document type is not permitted in OpenProject](openproject_system_guide_documents_types_delete_message_type_last.png)

## Real-time collaboration in documents

Real-time collaboration for OpenProject's *Documents* module was introduced with 17.0 release.

> [!IMPORTANT]
>
> Real-time collaboration is automatically available for the following installation types: 
>
> - Containerized installations
> - Cloud-hosted installations

> >

Reviewer: @akabiru can you help me sanity check this one? I am not sure we can already say it will be enabled by default or if it needs to be explicitly done.

Reviewer: Kabiru and I talked. The text here should be fine as the real time collaboration will be available. Though it might not be enabled by default if not configured correctly.

Author: @brunopagno, How about this ?

Real-time collaboration is available for the following installation types. However, it may require proper configuration before it is fully enabled:
- Containerized installations
- Cloud-hosted installations

Reviewer: @MayaBerd I like it. :+1: let's use that.

> > Packaged installations (DEB/RPM) require additional manual setup. This includes installing and configuring dependencies such as Hocuspocus to enable real-time collaboration. Refer to the administration guide for detailed setup instructions. (ADD LINK)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Packaged installations (DEB/RPM) require additional manual setup. This includes installing and configuring a [Hocuspocus server](https://github.com/opf/op-blocknote-hocuspocus) to enable real-time collaboration.

> This can be achieved by:
> - Downloading and installing [op-blocknote-hocuspocus](https://github.com/opf/op-blocknote-hocuspocus)
> - Setting up the server by following the instructions on the GitHub repository
> - Manually configuring the URL & secret at the Documents administration page

> The secret should be the same in op-blocknote-hocuspocus and OpenProject
```

Reviewer: I think this is how I would describe @MayaBerd

Feel free to adjust it, or ask me to expand if it's too minimalistic.

Additionally, we could/should improve the Readme in https://github.com/opf/op-blocknote-hocuspocus
I intend to review it this week.

Author: @brunopagno I've added adjust text in a separate commit. Could you please take one final look?

When enabled, real-time collaboration allows multiple users to edit the same document simultaneously. Changes are synchronized in real time, and users can see each other’s cursors and edits as they happen. This significantly improves collaboration, especially for teams working together on shared documentation or meeting notes.

> Technically, real-time collaboration relies on a running [Hocuspocus server](https://github.com/opf/op-blocknote-hocuspocus)[ ](https://github.com/opf/op-blocknote-hocuspocus)  that handles synchronization between users. OpenProject connects to this service to provide a seamless collaborative editing experience within documents.

Author: ```suggestion
Technically, real-time collaboration relies on a running [Hocuspocus server](https://github.com/opf/op-blocknote-hocuspocus) that handles synchronization between users. OpenProject connects to this service to provide a seamless collaborative editing experience within documents.
```
